fix: remove mut self from set_native_icon signature (#7866)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/set_native_icon_signature.md

> ---
> "tauri": 'patch:enhance'
> ---
> 
> remove mut self from set_native_icon signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"tauri": 'patch:bug'
---

Changed `IconMenuItem::set_native_icon` signature to take `&self` instead of `&mut self` to fix compilation error on macos.
```
